NARRATOR:
Somewhere,
hidden amongst thorny brambles,
is a little kingdom
of elves and fairies.
Everyone who lives here
is very, very small.
I'm Ben Elf.
[BLOWS HORN]
[BARKS]
And I'm Princess Holly.
[GIGGLES]
Come on, let's play.
Wait for us.
[BOTH GIGGLING]
[NARRATOR READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
[♪♪♪]
NARRATOR:
Today's adventure starts
at the Little Castle.
[BEN READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
[SCATTING]
I'm going to visit
my sister today.
Will you be all right
on your own?
Yes, Mommy,
I'll be okay.
Don't worry,
Queen Thistle.
We'll be fine.
Yes, darling,
we'll all be fine.
You'll be fine,
but what about
Daisy and Poppy?
They need looking after.
Oh. Daisy and Poppy.
[DAISY & POPPY LAUGHING]
But, Mommy,
when you're not here,
the twins are always
so naughty.
BOTH:
Heh, heh. Magicky, magicky.
[TINKLING]
Uh, yes.
They can be quite a handful.
What a lot of fuss
about two tiny children.
Just let them play.
But don't let them do
any magic.
Right.
NANNY & HOLLY:
Yes, Queen Thistle.
And read them a story
before they go to bed.
ALL: Yes.
Very well.
Goodbye, everyone. Have fun.
ALL:
Bye-bye.
So, what are we
going to do?
Mommy's the only one
who can handle the twins.
Don't worry.
Nanny will know what to do.
Um...
I think I've got
some important things to do
in the kitchen.
But, Nanny,
aren't you going to help us
look after the twins?
I'm sure you, Ben
and King Thistle can manage.
Right. We just need
to keep the twins busy.
[DAISY & POPPY LAUGHING]
I know.
Let's play a game with them.
It has to be
something safe.
What about building blocks?
That can't go too wrong.
Okay...
[BOTH LAUGHING]
Watch Daddy
build a big tower.
[TINKLING]
Magic me a tower
And make it big
BOTH:
Ooh.
Big, big
[BOTH GASP]
Mommy said
not to let the twins do magic.
Ho, ho. Don't worry, Holly.
It's easy to make blocks
little again.
Little, little
There. You see, Holly?
BOTH:
Little, little
Uh, Daisy, Poppy,
give Daddy your wands.
BOTH:
Little, little
Help!
Wow.
They've made King Thistle
really small.
Daisy. Poppy.
That wasn't funny or clever.
Little, little
BOTH:
[BOTH LAUGHING]
[SCREAMS]
They've made us little.
[IN HIGH-PITCHED VOICE]
Don't worry. I'll magic us
back to normal size.
I just need my wand.
[GRUNTING]
My wand's too heavy.
I can't lift it.
Maybe we should call
Nanny Plum.
Good idea, Ben.
I'll ring the bell.
[CREAKING]
[NANNY PLUM SCATTING]
We need to pull harder.
[CREAKING THEN BELL RINGING]
[NANNY PLUM SCATTING]
Oh. I wonder what they want.
[PANTING]
Typical.
They ring for me,
and then they wander off
somewhere.
KING:
Nanny Plum!
Eh?
ALL:
We're here.
[BLOWS HORN]
Why are you so tiny?
Um, Daisy and Poppy
did a spell on us.
Honestly.
It's not hard
to look after Daisy and Poppy.
You just have to play
with them.
We tried that, Nanny Plum,
but it went a bit wrong.
What Daisy and Poppy like most
is their baby dolly.
Now, where is it?
BOTH:
Boo!
Oh. Daisy and Poppy.
Where have you put
your baby dolly?
BOTH:
Baby dolly, baby dolly
[IN DOLL VOICE]
Hello. I'm Baby Plum.
♪ Baby Plum,
Is lots of fun ♪
Change my nappy, please.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
Oh, no.
They've changed Nanny
into a doll.
♪ Baby Plum
Is lots of fun ♪
Feed me, please.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
What are we going to do?
We need to get help.
Let's call my mom.
She'll know what to do.
Good thinking, Ben.
[♪♪♪]
[PANTING]
This is heavy.
All together. Push.
[THUDS]
[RATTLING]
[PHONE RINGING]
Hello, Mrs. Elf speaking.
BEN:
Mom. It's me, Ben.
Oh. Ben.
You sound different.
Yes.
We need a bit of help.
Please come quick.
Right-o.
She's on her way.
Thank goodness.
I wonder
what the matter can be?
[♪♪♪]
[BOTH LAUGHING]
♪ Baby Plum
Is lots of fun ♪
Bath me, please.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
Hello, Daisy.
Hello, Poppy.
Can you tell me
where the big children are?
HOLLY:
We're down here.
[GASPS]
Daisy and Poppy
put a spell on us.
And we need a bit of help.
Your Majesty. Heh, heh.
We do seem to have got ourselves
in a bit of a pickle.
Uh, yes.
The twins are a little
high-spirited today.
Could you calm them down,
please?
Of course.
Now, now, Daisy and Poppy.
I'm sure you're not meant
to fly so high.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
Fly so high, fly so high
Fly so high
Whoa!
DAISY:
♪ Fly high in the sky ♪
[BOTH LAUGHING]
MRS. ELF:
Now, girls,
put me down this instant.
Poor Mrs. Elf.
Elves don't like flying.
Looks like we need
even more help.
I'll call for more elves.
[BEEPING THEN LINE RINGING]
[RINGING]
Hello, Mr. Elf speaking.
Mr. Elf. We've got an emergency
at the Little Castle.
Bring the elves.
Bring all the elves.
Right-o.
[BLOWS HORN]
Calling all elves!
Emergency
at the Little Castle.
ALL:
Right-o!
[ALL BLOWING HORNS]
[CHANTING]
If there's a problem
what do we say?
ALL:
Call an elf, right away
And what are we?
ALL:
We're elves!
[ALL BLOWING HORNS]
BOTH:
♪ Baby Plum ♪
♪ Is lots of fun ♪
The elves are here.
What's the emergency?
MRS. ELF:
It's the twins.
Is that you, Mrs. Elf?
Where are you?
MRS. ELF:
Uh, up here, Mr. Elf.
Goodness me, Mrs. Elf.
I thought
you were invisible.
[BOTH LAUGH]
BOTH:
Invisible
Oh, no. The twins have made
all the elves invisible.
[SIGHS]
Who's going to help us now?
[♪♪♪]
Hm, it's very quiet
in the castle.
I hope everything's
all right.
[BOTH YAWN]
Hello, my little ones.
BOTH:
Mommy, Mommy.
My goodness,
you look tired.
Have you been playing
with Holly, Ben and Daddy
all day?
BOTH: Yes, Mommy.
Uh, where is Daddy?
Glad you're home, darling.
[GASPS]
Have you had a nice day?
Why are you so tiny?
Daisy and Poppy
have been a bit naughty.
They've made us little.
I see.
And where is Nanny Plum?
Uh, she's been turned
into that doll.
Press her tummy.
♪ Baby Plum
Is lots of fun ♪
Change my nappy, please.
[CRYING]
I see.
My mom tried to help,
but that didn't work out
too well either.
And where is your Mom?
MRS. ELF: Up here, Your Majesty.
[GASPS]
I'm afraid the twins
have done something
to all the other elves too.
What other elves?
Where are they?
ELVES:
We're here, Your Majesty.
We're invisible.
[ELVES BLOWING HORNS]
Right. And all this
is Daisy and Poppy's doing?
ALL:
Yes!
Okay. Let's put everything
right again.
[TINKLING]
Make this magic all undone
Good evening,
Your Majesty.
So are you telling me that
I've gone away for just one day,
and the whole kingdom couldn't
look after two little children?
Uh... Yes.
We tried our best, Mommy.
But the twins really are
a bit of a handful.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
Ho-ho-ho. Thinking about it,
they weren't that bad.
It was rather fun, really.
Ha-ha-ha. Yes.
I'm sure if you went away
again, Queen Thistle,
we'd manage just fine.
That's good.
Because I'm going to visit
my sister again,
next week.
[ALL GASP]
ALL:
No!
[BOTH LAUGHING]
NARRATOR:
Today's adventure starts
at the Little Castle.
[BEN READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
Let's check you're all here.
Holly, Violet, Rosie,
and Strawberry. Good.
Now, hold hands.
I don't want to lose
any of you in the woods.
[SIGHS]
Nanny Plum, do we have
to do nature class today?
It's boring.
Yes. All we do is learn
the names of trees.
And mushrooms.
And frogs.
Now, now, girls.
Every young fairy
needs to know
the names of trees
and mushrooms.
And frogs?
And frogs.
Up ahead is a lovely example
of a mugwort flower.
[ALL GROAN]
Ben, Barnaby, Jake,
and Lizzy. Good.
Today we are having
nature class.
Follow me.
Excuse me, Wise Old Elf.
Why do we have to do
nature class?
Because, Ben,
it's important
that every young elf
learns about nature.
[ALL SIGHS]
Who can tell me
what this is?
Um...
Uh...
Is it a sort of plant?
A welted thistle
is the correct answer.
Oh.
Now, what's the name
of this flower?
Oh. We seem to have walked
into some elves.
Good day, Nanny Plum.
Hello, Wise Old Elf.
Hi, Ben.
Hi, Holly.
We're doing nature class.
So are we.
Let's team up.
ALL: Yes.
[ALL LAUGHING]
I'm not sure
about this.
Quite so.
Elf and fairy nature classes
are very, very different.
We're learning names
of plants and things.
So are we.
Please, Nanny Plum,
can we have one big class?
Please, Mr. Wise Old Elf?
Oh, very well.
I suppose I can handle
a few more children.
What?
Wise Old Elf,
there's no need for you
to hang around.
But-- But--
You can collect
your children
when my lesson's over.
No doubt there's some charming
fairy name for this plant,
but my class
has identified it correctly
as a welted thistle.
Oh. Isn't it
hairy bittercress?
Oh. Interesting.
Or hairy bogweed.
You both know
the silly plant names.
So you should both
take the class.
Hm. On one condition.
No magic.
I'm doing nature class today,
not magic class.
So it's agreed.
Let's go.
[ALL LAUGHING]
[ALL CONTINUE LAUGHING]
Look.
Ah. An acorn.
Now, what does
an acorn grow into?
Is the answer an oak tree?
I was asking the children.
Yes, yes. But an oak tree
is the right answer?
What the Wise Old Elf
is trying to say
is that this little acorn
will grow into a huge oak tree.
ALL:
Ooh.
Cool.
Can we see it grow now?
Ho, ho. It will take years
and years to grow into a tree.
ALL:
Aw.
We could give it
some magical help.
Nanny Plum,
we agreed. No magic.
But look at the children's
sad little faces.
They'd so like to see
the acorn grow into a tree.
No.
Please, Nanny Plum,
make the acorn grow
into a tree.
ALL:
Yes. Please, Nanny Plum.
I'd love to.
But it's up to the Wise Old Elf.
ALL:
Please, Wise Old Elf.
Oh, very well.
I'll just do a little spell.
Stand back, children.
Just a small tree, please.
Yes, yes.
Thunder and lightning
North winds blow
Little acorn
Grow, grow, grow
ALL:
Whoa!
[♪♪♪]
ALL:
Wow.
[ALL CLAPPING]
Nanny Plum, is that your idea
of a small tree?
Um, it is big, isn't it?
But I can easily
make it smaller.
No, no. It's fine as it is.
Let's move on.
Next up, mushrooms.
Ah, good. Mushrooms.
Who can tell me
what this is?
A toadstool.
Uh, yes, correct.
Now, you should never, ever
eat a toadstool.
It would make you very--
What Mister Old Elf
is trying to say
is that you should never,
ever eat a toadstool.
It would make you very sick.
Indeed.
So never, ever eat
a toadstool.
ALL:
Yes, Wise Old Elf.
Of course,
I expect the Wise Old Elf
would like to sit on it.
What?
Elves love sitting
on toadstools.
Madam, I think you will find
it is gnomes
that sit on toadstools.
Elves, gnomes, whatever.
You would never catch an elf
sitting on a toadstool.
Hello, everyone.
Hello, Dad.
Hello, Mr. Elf.
Hello, Holly.
I see you've found
my special reading place.
Ah, it just catches the sun
at this time of day.
Uh, ahem.
Yes, uh,
here we have a toadstool.
With an elf on top.
Um, yes.
He looks very happy.
Right. Let's move on.
Yes, we have time
for one last thing.
ALL:
Goodbye, Mr. Elf.
Bye.
What do you think
the last thing is?
I bet it's frogs.
Nanny always shows us frogs.
Yes, it'll be frogs.
Who can guess
what we're going to see next?
[SIGHS]
Frogs.
Yes. We're going to look
at frogs.
Um, there aren't
any frogs here.
Not one frog.
Well, that's disappointing.
Can we go home now?
It's no problem. I'll turn
one of us into a frog.
Can I have a volunteer,
please?
Come on.
Who wants to be a frog?
Goodness.
What a lot of miseries.
I'll just have to do it
myself.
[TINKLING]
Zig zag zog
Make me into a frog
[CROAKS]
ALL:
Wow.
Ahem. A common frog.
Look how slimy it is.
[ALL GRUNT]
[CROAKS]
WISE OLD ELF:
And how smelly it is.
[ALL SNIFFING]
ALL:
Aah, stinky wiffy poo.
And how silly it sounds.
[CROAKING]
Well, that brings
today's nature class
to a most satisfactory
close.
Uh, Nanny Plum,
you can turn yourself back now.
[CROAKS]
I don't think Nanny Plum
can turn herself back
again.
She can't pick up her wand.
Oh, what a shame.
Now, for your homework...
But Nanny Plum.
We can't leave her as a frog.
Can't we?
Oh, I suppose not.
Uh, which fairy wants
to turn her back again?
ALL:
Me! Me! Me!
All right.
Holly, do your best.
Um, I'm not sure
what spell to use.
I'm sure Nanny Plum
would want you
to just have a go anyway.
[CROAKS]
Okay. I'll try this.
Abraca zairy--
Um...
Frog to fairy
Oh! It works.
Ah! Thank you, Holly.
[CROAKS]
Oops. Sorry, Nanny.
You did very well, Holly.
[CROAKS]
But you shook your wand
a bit too hard.
[CROAKS]
Abraca zairy
Frog to fairy
[TINKLING]
KIDS:
Hooray!
You see, children,
it's all
in the wand control.
ALL:
Yes, Nanny Plum.
Fascinating, Mistress Plum.
But if we might return
to nature class for a--
Yes, children.
What Mr. Old Elf
is trying to say is that--
That brings
today's nature class to a...
BOTH:
Close.
That was the bestest ever
nature class.
Thank you, Strawberry.
It was excellently cool.
Thank you, Barnaby.
So from now on, Nanny Plum
and the Wise Old Elf
always teach us
nature class together.
Uh... All right.
Ho-ho-ho.
If you insist.
KIDS:
Hooray!
[ALL LAUGHING]
[♪♪♪]